hello yeah this is the net cafe you want
to talk to Becca sorry she's not here
sure no problem bye Aaron Harris oh hi
Becca do you always answer the phone
like that sometimes that's not the way
to answer the phone at work you should
say thank you for calling the net cafe
this is Aaron I know but what I said was
okay right I was friendly yes but you
were so informal customers like friendly
workers we're supposed to be friendly
and professional oh okay I mean it Aaron
I wouldn't want to have to tell our boss
about this you'd tell Ron I don't answer
the phone well enough I will if I have
to all right then don't worry sis I'll
be so professional that everyone will be
happy I hope so
okay Aaron thank you for calling the net
cafe this is Aaron how may I help you
much better yes Becca is available may I
ask who is calling
one moment please here you go it's a
customer she wants to talk to the
manager hello this is Becca Harris oh hi
mom
may I use your phone a minute sure thank
you for calling the net cafe this is
Erin how may I help you
Erin I'd like to speak to the manager
I'm sorry Becca is not available right
now may I take a message
no thanks I'll call back later
goodbye Becca why didn't you call Erin
and why did you use a different voice I
wanted to see how Erin answers the phone
sometimes he's not very professional did
he do a good job just now yes he was
very professional and polite I want to
call him Jeff what are you going to do
don't worry the errand won't even know
it's me honey aren't you a little old to
make prank calls
these aren't prank calls they're tests
hello hello Metcalfe a what specials
where you have next week put him on
speakerphone okay I'll check for you sir
may I put you on hold sure
Wow Becca he's very polite yes he is
I guess he really listened to me yeah
actually it's really cute you know I
want to call him next yeah sure
oh you Jeff and Mia all called Erin but
she didn't know it was you right Erin
told me the cafe phone rang a lot last
night
now I know why I can't believe you three
made prank calls
they weren't prank calls I wanted to
test Erin to see how he answers the
phone I want to call him hello is Becca
there I'm sorry she's not available
right now would you like to leave a
message can you tell her
Ella discard sure can you spell your
last name for me hey amber is that you
uh no
believe you had all those people call me
well you did a good job
great thank you for calling the net cafe
what Ron ha is this Jeff Nick goodbye
you've got another prank call funny
I can't believe second told people to
call me Erin Ron just called my cell
phone no he didn't
yes he did look at the caller ID he
wants to know why you just hung up on
him
[Music]
[Applause]
hi Claire I was riding the bus hey what
easy catching the bus and transferring
with no problem
how long did it take to get to school it
only took 30 minutes when I tried is
sometimes takes longer than that so will
you ride the bus all the time now yes I
will for the next two weeks
mereta what can I get for you I've been
dreaming about a hot chocolate all day
well I'm glad I can make your dream come
true
me too so how have you been good it's
been nice spending more time with Amber
yeah it's good you and amber are
becoming better friends here's your hot
chocolate Thanks amber and I have had
our challenges but things are looking up
now my mom and I weren't always close
I'm sad we didn't become friends sooner
but you're close now oh yes maybe one
day amber will think of me as a good
friend maybe she already does
amber thanks for watching the store
after school today no problem I should
have gone to the post office yesterday
but I didn't so thanks again for your
help
sure never wait till the last minute so
where are you going I want to catch my
mom before she leaves work I hope we can
go get some coffee together sounds good
have fun okay see you tomorrow Greg mom
oh hi honey what are you doing I was
just wondering if you'd like to get some
coffee
sure mom you're so funny you're too nice
I'm glad we're friends mom really yes I
hope someday I can be a great mom like
you thanks amber it's so nice to hear
you say that I like spending time with
you it's too bad we didn't spend more
time together before now I feel the same
way so how was school today okay
I saw Ryan he asked me to go see a movie
with them what did you say well I
remembered what Mia told me but we need
to be wise about what we try I've tried
being friends with Ryan and it's not
wise so I told him no I'm glad you
haven't had second thoughts about
breaking up with Ryan I feel bad about
not talking to him much anymore but I
know that's what is best for me have you
been able to make some new friends this
year oh yeah
there's this girl Judy she's so much fun
I'm glad you're making new friends I'm
impressed with how much you've changed
this year well I've done some things I
shouldn't
saying you're sick when you're not isn't
wrong
oh that I felt really guilty about that
but then you did the right thing and
learned from your mistake and now Liz
and I are really good friends
working at the Stop & Shop has been
really good for you I regret I didn't do
something like that when I was your age
it's been fun the break-in really shook
me up though I want you to know that I'm
sorry I didn't trust you I know Mom but
I was so impressed with how you
responded well you've all given me a
second chance before I guess it's my
turn I forgive you you're a great
daughter amber really no regrets huh
well maybe one what you're so special I
regret we didn't have more children yeah
a brother would have been cool well
maybe Jeff and Mia will have a little
boy one day you can play with him Yeah
right
Aaron can you give me that lemon sure
what's the lemon for and making a sauce
for this salmon
oh that sounds great Claire will love it
well let's hope she loves you
oh right do you think she does I hope so
you two would be cute together
Aaron the salmon is great you have to
give me the recipe sure Claire right and
how did you cook the vegetables they're
delicious oh I just steamed them Claire
I Karen I'm glad you asked me over for
dinner thank you thanks for coming
I need to talk to you about something
okay what there's this guy really like
yes
we're becoming close friends we are I
mean I'm sure you are
I think this guy likes me too he does I
mean I'm sure he does do you think I
should tell him how I feel
yes really okay I'll talk to Graham
tomorrow thanks Aaron you're a great
friend Thanks who's Graham
all of these universities look good
Aaron that's because these catalogs make
them all look good how can I know which
university is best for me you should
talk to more people about this they'll
have some good ideas for you I will but
not yet I don't know if I'll get into
any of these schools I'm sure you will
thanks Jeff what about this school
West Side University I like West Side
because they have a new computer lab are
the academics good at Westside they're
OK I also like the University of South
Florida it's close to home and that's
where Clair goes to school yeah I still
can't believe she likes someone else I'm
sorry Aaron I'll be ok
commands hi Claire
hi guys what are you two doing nothing
we're just talking are you looking at
colleges no this catalog just came in
the mail this University has a beautiful
campus but I like my campus better
really why we have a new Student Center
what do you do at the Student Center
my boyfriend grandma and I go there
almost every day after class we meet our
friends and talk you have a boyfriend I
do now thanks to Aaron
hey Claire are you ready to go I am
let's go bye boys I really likes Graham
huh I think so Aaron you need to hear
the Brad Munroe story huh
Brad was Mia's first boyfriend in
college okay
he and Mia were in student government
together she really liked him
why are you telling me this because they
weren't together very long
Brad graduated and Mia met me so so you
don't know what will happen
give it time
morning Mia hi honey what would you like
for dinner tonight whatever you want I
won't be here where will you be did I
forget to tell you the girls are having
a sleepover at Becca's I'm so excited uh
sleepover why you're not 13 anymore
sleepovers are fun at any age bye honey
love you
Hey
okay I invited Jeff and Nick to our
place tonight
we're going to play xbox sorry but I
need the apartment tonight I'm having a
sleepover what you didn't tell me
calm down Erin you can stay at Jeff's
meal we'll be at our place okay so why
are you having a sleepover we got the
idea yesterday me girls should get
together sometime soon that would be fun
hey maybe we could have a sleepover I
love sleepovers yeah great idea what are
you girls all smiling about we want to
have a girls sleepover would you like to
come sure that sounds like fun really
great we're going to have a wonderful
time so that's why we're having the
sleepover well I hope you girls have a
good time let's go do some countries and
answers what's your favorite food what
food do you like what's your favorite
food I love you can say you can say I
love I like okay I love hamburgers I
love hamburgers
do you like pieces do you like pieces
yes of course yes of course
um I'm a big fan of pizza I'm a big
sorry I'm a big fan of pieces I'm a big
fan or something that means I really
love that thing okay
I'm a big fan of pieces or no I don't I
can't stand pieces I can't stand that
mean I hate okay I really really don't
like it I can't stand pieces remember
stuff stand or stand for American
English
stand for British English no I don't I
can't stand pieces what would you like
to eat that means what do you want to
eat now would you like to eat is a
polite form of one two okay what would
you like to eat remember D and while
together we pronounce just like you just
like job
okay so just what would you like to eat
I like you can say I would like to or
you can say i i'd like to instead of
saying i'd like to you can pause after i
i like to i'd like to i'd like to have
this is half beef steak and salad
i'd like to have meat steak and salad
now one more time what's your favorite
food
I love hamburgers do you like pieces yes
of course I'm a big fan of pieces or no
I don't I can't stand pieces what would
you like to eat I'd like to have
lipstick and salad now remember usually
if we save food any kinds of food in
general like hamburgers or peas or
something like that we have to say in
blue of warm that means hamburgers or
pisser's okay or like what would you
like to eat beef steak and salad usually
it goes in propulsion so when you go to
the restaurant and you order food you
don't have to say the pool from to say
beefsteak or a seller or
or pizza or something like that but when
you say food in general you have to say
it in plural form hamburgers or pieces
do you prefer beef or pork prefer prefer
that means like something more do you
prefer beef or pork that means
you like beef or pork more okay
do you prefer pre prefer beef or pork
do you prefer beef or pork I prefer I
prefer and then the cut of fruit that
you like beef
I prefer beef how do you like your lamb
how do you like your lamb before you
cook the food you will ask the question
how do you like the lamb that means like
how do you want me to cook the lamb for
you do you want to eat it or the boiled
or steamed or fried or Groot or
something like that so how do you like
your lamb how do you like your lamb I
like it I like it
bland I mean kit I like it grilled that
means I want you to grill it for me I
like it grilled
do you want to eat stir fried duck do
you like to eat stir fried duck if that
is yes yes I really love it love it it's
delicious delicious no I don't I like it
roasted that means I don't like the dark
stir fried I like it roast it okay no I
don't know I don't I like it roasted
what do you want to have for lunch or
what do you want to have for breakfast
or for dinner
I want or you can say I wanna I wanna
have fried chicken for fried chicken I
want to have for our chicken one more
time do you prefer beef or pork
I prefer beef I prefer I prefer beef how
do you like your lamb I like it grilled
do you like to eat stir fried duck yes I
really love it
delicious no I don't I like it roasted
what do you want - what do you want what
do you want sorry
what do you want to have for lunch what
do you want to have for lunch I want to
have fried chicken I want to have fried
chicken okay so that's all for today
thanks goodbye see ya